README.md, before:

<br /><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Cloudbox/assets/master/images/readme/Cloudbox-logo_dark.png" width="600">

<br /><br />
[![Website: https://cloudbox.works](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-https%3A%2F%2Fcloudbox.works-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=website)](https://cloudbox.works)
[![Wiki: http://cloudbox.wiki](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wiki-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](http://cloudbox.wiki)
[![Discord: https://discord.io/cloudbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.io/cloudbox)
[![Reddit: https://reddit.com/r/Cloudbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://reddit.com/r/Cloudbox/)
<br />
[![License: GPL 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%203-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=license)](LICENSE.md)
[![Changelog.md](https://img.shields.io/badge/Changelog-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](CHANGELOG.md)
[![Contributing.md](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributing-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](CONTRIBUTING.md)
[![Credits.md](https://img.shields.io/badge/Credits-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](CREDITS.md)
<br />
[![GitHub: Latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cloudbox/cloudbox.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=latest%20version&)](https://github.com/cloudbox/cloudbox/releases)
[![GitHub: Latest version date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/cloudbox/cloudbox.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=latest%20version%20(date))](https://github.com/cloudbox/cloudbox/releases)
<br />
[![GitHub: Commits since latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/Cloudbox/Cloudbox/latest/develop.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1)](https://github.com/cloudbox/cloudbox/compare/HEAD...develop)
[![GitHub: Last commit date (develop)](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Cloudbox/Cloudbox/develop.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1)](https://github.com/Cloudbox/Cloudbox/commits/develop)
[![AppVeyor](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/Cloudbox/Cloudbox/develop.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=appveyor)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Cloudbox/Cloudbox)

Cloudbox is an Ansible-based solution for rapidly deploying a Docker containerized cloud media server.

This project was designed for x64 machines running Ubuntu Server 16.04/18.04 with limited support for other Debian distributions.

Featured Applications:

- Plex
- Emby
- Sonarr
- Radarr
- Lidarr
- Plexdrive
- NZBGet
- ruTorrent
- Tautulli (PlexPy)
- NZBHydra2
- Jackett
- Ombi
- Plex Requests
- Plex Autoscan
- Cloudplow
- Organizr
- Portainer
- Traktarr
- Plex Dupefinder
- Plex Patrol
- and more...

If you find this project helpful, feel free to make a small [donation](DONATIONS.md) to the developers.

Commit message:

Add a more explicit reference to the wiki.

README.md, after:

<br /><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Cloudbox/assets/master/images/readme/Cloudbox-logo_dark.png" width="600">

<br /><br />
[![Website: https://cloudbox.works](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-https%3A%2F%2Fcloudbox.works-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=website)](https://cloudbox.works)
[![Wiki: http://cloudbox.wiki](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wiki-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](http://cloudbox.wiki)
[![Discord: https://discord.io/cloudbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.io/cloudbox)
[![Reddit: https://reddit.com/r/Cloudbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://reddit.com/r/Cloudbox/)
<br />
[![License: GPL 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%203-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=license)](LICENSE.md)
[![Changelog.md](https://img.shields.io/badge/Changelog-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](CHANGELOG.md)
[![Contributing.md](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributing-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](CONTRIBUTING.md)
[![Credits.md](https://img.shields.io/badge/Credits-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](CREDITS.md)
<br />
[![GitHub: Latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cloudbox/cloudbox.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=latest%20version&)](https://github.com/cloudbox/cloudbox/releases)
[![GitHub: Latest version date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/cloudbox/cloudbox.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=latest%20version%20(date))](https://github.com/cloudbox/cloudbox/releases)
<br />
[![GitHub: Commits since latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/Cloudbox/Cloudbox/latest/develop.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1)](https://github.com/cloudbox/cloudbox/compare/HEAD...develop)
[![GitHub: Last commit date (develop)](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Cloudbox/Cloudbox/develop.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1)](https://github.com/Cloudbox/Cloudbox/commits/develop)
[![AppVeyor](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/Cloudbox/Cloudbox/develop.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=177DC1&label=appveyor)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Cloudbox/Cloudbox)

Cloudbox is an Ansible-based solution for rapidly deploying a Docker containerized cloud media server.

This project was designed for x64 machines running Ubuntu Server 16.04/18.04 with limited support for other Debian distributions.

Please refer to the [![Wiki: http://cloudbox.wiki](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wiki-gray.svg?style=for-the-badge)](http://cloudbox.wiki) for detailed information on system requirements, installation, and configuration.

Featured Applications:

- Plex
- Emby
- Sonarr
- Radarr
- Lidarr
- Plexdrive
- NZBGet
- ruTorrent
- Tautulli (PlexPy)
- NZBHydra2
- Jackett
- Ombi
- Plex Requests
- Plex Autoscan
- Cloudplow
- Organizr
- Portainer
- Traktarr
- Plex Dupefinder
- Plex Patrol
- and more...

If you find this project helpful, feel free to make a small [donation](DONATIONS.md) to the developers.
